Slide 1
Talk about why you chose this topic (data, research information...)

Slide 2
Wouldn't say the C word when I was young
Statistics were sobering

Slide 3
False negatives

Slide 4
getting introduced to pycaret - the whole class talked about it
touch on your approach

Slide 5
brief overview of the dataset (569 observations, taken from kaggle)

Slide 6
In 42 seconds trains and compares 15 different classification algorithms and ranks them. 
creating and tuning takes less than a minute.
Numberous plots to evaluate model
predictions

Slide 7 
results were impressive
Accuracy 96%
AUC .99
Recall .94
Precision .94
F1 .94

Slide 8
Prediction
talk about fast ai (lacking doc, but good tutorials and book)
For non-math nerds
Wrapper for PyTorch

Slide 9
images dataset

Slide 10
talk about overfitting and the loss curve trend diverging after 3epochs
training time of roughly 3 hours

Slide 10
speak about what the slide visually means to you

Slide 11
Going to spend a little time on this slide, because it's important to understand these measurements

Sensitivity or True Positive Rate is where the model classifies a patient has the disease given the patient actually does have the disease. Sensitivity quantifies the avoidance of false negatives
Example: A new test was tested on 10,000 patients, if the new test has a sensitivity of 90% the test will correctly detect 9,000 (True Positive) patients but will miss 1000 (False Negative) patients that have the condition but were tested as not having the condition

Specificity or True Negative Rate is where the model classifies a patient as not having the disease given the patient actually does not have the disease. Specificity quantifies the avoidance of false positives

PPV and NPV
Most medical testing is evaluated via PPV (Positive Predictive Value) or NPV (Negative Predictive Value).

PPV - if the model predicts a patient has a condition what is the probability that the patient actually has the condition

NPV - if the model predicts a patient does not have a condition what is the probability that the patient actually does not have the condition

The ideal value of the PPV, with a perfect test, is 1 (100%), and the worst possible value would be zero
The ideal value of the NPV, with a perfect test, is 1 (100%), and the worst possible value would be zero

Slide 15
FocalNet an AI-based system developed by Kyung Hyun Sung, a radiologist at the University of California to better classify prostate cancer.

Google researchers developed an AI model to try and predict whether someone ends up with lung cancer a year from when they got screened. the AI outperformed all of the six radiologists who also examined the CT scans to assess risk of lung cancer. The AI reduced the number of false positives by 11% and false negative by 5%.

Slide 16
The rock star
Developing an AI model that based on an observation today can predict a cancer will form out to 4 years.





